Dear Trustee/Director,

We hereby confirm that your {MANAGEMENTPACKPERIOD} monthly financial pack is ready to be downloaded from the web portal using the locatioin below.
{URL}

Account #: {BUILDINGNAME} For any queries on your financial pack, please your appointed portfolio manager at {PMEMAILADDRESS}

Did you know that you can log on to our website and download historic levy statements, Conduct Rules, Insurance information, newsletters and much more, and being a trustee/director of the scheme you would have access to all monthly financials, minutes of trustees meeting ext?

If you have not registered on our web portal www.astrodon.co.za, please follow the following steps to activate your login.

Simply register at www.astrodon.co.za & follow the below instructions:

1.  On the homepage, please click on the "Registration for Owner or Trustee" button.

2.  Choose the option to "register as owner or Trustee".

3.  Type in your email address and click "next".

You will receive a confirmation email with a link that you can follow to finish the registration process.  If you click next and you get a message telling you that your email is not found on the database, please contact your debtor controller at Astrodon to double check that we have your correct email address on our system.

Once registered, you can log onto the site by typing your email address and password in the blocks provided on the top right hand corner of the page.

After you have logged on, you will be directed to the "My Astrodon" page where you can access your statements and any other information that has been uploaded for your complex.

Investor owners with more than one unit will be happy to know that you will use the same login details for all your units, simply click on the drop down box at the top of the "My Astrodon" page and select the unit you wish to view.

If you experience any problems with this service, please contact our offices so that we can assist you.

Just another way we try to make your life easier.

Regards

Astrodon (Pty) Ltd
You're in Good Hands

Tel: 011 867 3183
Fax: 011 867 3163
Direct Fax: 086 657 6199
BEE Level 4 Contributor

FOR AND ON BEHALF OF ASTRODON(PTY) LTD
The information contained in this communication is confidential and may be legally privileged.It is intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed and others authorized to receive it.If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking action in reliance of the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful.The company is neither liable for proper, complete transmission of the information contained in this communication nor any delay in its receipt


